Docs for SSO Session IP Address Pinning (#1978)
buildkite/docs: pages/integrations/sso.md

<%= image "session_duration/configure_session_duration.png", width: 623, height: 315, alt: "Screenshot of the Buildkite SSO Session Duration Configuration" %>

## SSO session IP address pinning

> 📘
> Session IP Address Pinning is an Enterprise only feature.

> You can configure the SSO Session IP Address Pinning to require re-authentication when user IP changes.

Reviewer: Can you add a bit more of the why behind someone using this feature? Thinking:

```suggestion
You can require users to reauthorize with your SSO provider when their IP address changes. This helps protect against ....
```

I also noticed that this uses "re-authenticate" where the other page uses "reauthorize." Which is the better one to use?

> To set the Session IP Address Pinning you can either use the [GraphQL API](/docs/apis/graphql/graphql-cookbook#update-the-sso-provider-session-ip-address-pinning) or complete the following steps via the settings interface.

Reviewer: General nitpicks about capitalization etc + we should move describing the location in the UI to the steps of the procedure. I'll update the procedure once I see screenshots of the flow ([requested here](https://linear.app/buildkite/issue/FDN-2327#comment-cce8832a)).

```suggestion
To set up SSO session IP address pinning, use the [GraphQL API](/docs/apis/graphql/graphql-cookbook#update-the-sso-provider-session-ip-address-pinning) or complete the following steps in the Buildkite dashboard:
```

<%= image "session_duration/configure_session_duration.png", width: 623, height: 315, alt: "Screenshot of the Buildkite SSO Session Duration Configuration" %>

## SSO session IP address pinning

> 📘 Enterprise feature
> Pinning SSO sessions to IP addresses is only available on an [Enterprise](https://buildkite.com/pricing) plan.

> Prompt your users to re-authenticate when their IP address changes.
> 
> With session IP address pinning, authorized sessions can only come from the IP address that created the session. If another IP address attempts to access Buildkite, the session will be immediately revoked. This helps to prevent session hijacking.

Reviewer: Let's combine these paragraphs to improve the flow:

```suggestion
Session IP address pinning prompts users to re-authenticate when their IP address changes. This prevents session hijacking by restricting authorized sessions to only originate from the IP address used to create the session. If any attempt is made to access Buildkite from a different IP address, the session is instantly revoked and the user must re-authenticate.
```

Should the "authorized" in that also be "authenticated?"

Reviewer 2: Love it

To set up SSO session IP address pinning, use the [GraphQL API](/docs/apis/graphql/graphql-cookbook#pin-sso-sessions-to-ip-addresses) or complete the following steps in the Buildkite dashboard:

> * Select Provider
> * Under Session IP Address Pinning section
>   Click Update Session IP Address Pinning
> * Check Session IP Address Pinning checkbox
> * Click Save Session IP Address Pinning

Reviewer: Since there's an order to these steps, let's make this an ordered list. I've also included the context about where things happen when screens change.

```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [organization's SSO settings](https://buildkite.com/organizations/~/sso).
1. In the _Configured SSO Providers_ section, select the provider.
1. In the _Session IP Address Pinning_ section, select _Update Session IP Address Pinning_.
1. In the modal that appears, select the _Session IP Address Pinning_ checkbox.
1. Select _Save Session IP Address Pinning_.
```
